[Music]
the sea was holy
are truthful
when angry words us for him now all I
have is memory to cherish sons and the
we told her you have people to me
[Music]
if I
my life
[Music]
was
jealousy
wha
[Music]
let's go
I've never seen you so serious for such
a long time it was magnificent right
Arlene what did you think I can only see
headlines the tantalizing tango
temperate temptress triumph when you see
that name why they say all that glitters
isn't gold but in your case that isn't
true however I can forgive some of the
others for poor footwork you I'm always
looking for perfection know that every
week and for me there was too many toes
where they should have been hills I felt
occasionally a bit of toning in your top
so but as always good job
ok brilliant mummy you're a divine dance
Idol can't take my eyes of you I
absolutely loved it
[Applause]
mouthing pray stop frowning confident
controlled an entire brilliant package I
think you are early and Latin stuff I
mean you are just fantastic
absolutely well Kraig Revel Horwood No
[Applause]
I love it well goodness me I mean it was
pretty hard